# WeRateDogs_wrangle
WeRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the eRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with humorous comment about the dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numeratorsdog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numeratorsdog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numeratorsdog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numeratorsdog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numeratorsdog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numeratorsdog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators are alare al are alare alare almost most always always always greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because greater than 10. 11/10, 12/13/etc. Why? Because they are good dogs! they are good dogs!they are good dogs! they are good dogs!they are good dogs!they are good dogs! they are good dogs! The The We RateDogs dataset tRateDogs dataset tRateDogs dataset t RateDogs dataset t RateDogs dataset t RateDogs dataset tRateDogs dataset tRateDogs dataset t hat was wrangle hat was wrangle hat was wrangle hat was wranglehat was wrangle hat was wrangled is a tw itter user itter user itter user itter user/account that primaril /account that primaril/account that primaril /account that primaril /account that primaril /account that primaril /account that primaril y contain y contain s the rating rating rating s of different dogs s of different dogs s of different dogs s of different dogs and rateand rate and rate s people s peoples people ’s dogs with s dogs with humorous comments about the dcomments about the d comments about the dcomments about the d comments about the d comments about the d ogs . The . The . The wrangling process wrangling processwrangling process wrangling process wrangling process wrangling processwrangling process involves steps which include: involves steps which include: involves steps which include: involves steps which include:involves steps which include: involves steps which include: involves steps which include: i. Gath Gath ering the dataering the data ering the dataering the data ii. Assessing the data Assessing the data Assessing the data Assessing the data iii. Cleaning the data leaning the data leaning the data leaning the data leaning the data iv. Storing the dataStoring the data Storing the data Storing the data Storing the data v. Analy Analy zing the dazing the da zing the da zing the da ta GATHERING GATHERINGGATHERING GATHERING GATHERING THE DATA: THE DATA: THE DATA: THE DATA: THE DATA: THE DATA: THE DATA: The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from The datasets were gathered from three different so three different sothree different so three different sothree different sothree different sothree different sothree different so ur ces 1. Enhanced Twitter Archive Enhanced Twitter Archive Enhanced Twitter ArchiveEnhanced Twitter Archive Enhanced Twitter ArchiveEnhanced Twitter Archive Enhanced Twitter ArchiveEnhanced Twitter Archive Enhanced Twitter Archive Enhanced Twitter ArchiveEnhanced Twitter Archive Enhanced Twitter Archive: This is an archive of tweets : This is an archive of tweets : This is an archive of tweets : This is an archive of tweets : This is an archive of tweets : This is an archive of tweets : This is an archive of tweets: This is an archive of tweets : This is an archive of tweets : This is an archive of tweets: This is an archive of tweets , provid ing quite a number of ing quite a number of ing quite a number of ing quite a number of ing quite a number of inf ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc.ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. ormation about the dogs like text, name, dog stages etc. This data was extracted This data was extracted This data was extracted This data was extracted This data was extracted This data was extracted This data was extracted programmatically. programmatically.programmatically. programmatically.programmatically. programmatically.programmatically.programmatically. programmatically.programmatically. 2. Image Image Image Image Prediction file: This dataset was gottPrediction file: This dataset was gott Prediction file: This dataset was gott Prediction file: This dataset was gott Prediction file: This dataset was gott Prediction file: This dataset was gott Prediction file: This dataset was gott Prediction file: This dataset was gott Prediction file: This dataset was gotten from the top threeen from the top three en from the top threeen from the top three en from the top three en from the top three en from the top three en from the top three resultsesults esults of the image of the image prediction after running the i prediction after running the i prediction after running the i prediction after running the i prediction after running the i prediction after running the i prediction after running the i mages in the WeRateDogsages in the WeRateDogs ages in the WeRateDogs ages in the WeRateDogs ages in the WeRateDogsages in the WeRateDogsages in the WeRateDogsages in the WeRateDogsages in the WeRateDogsages in the WeRateDogs ages in the WeRateDogs Twitter archive through Twitter archive through Twitter archive through Twitter archive through Twitter archive through Twitter archive through Twitter archive through Twitter archive through the application of Neural Neapplication of Neural Ne application of Neural Neapplication of Neural Neapplication of Neural Ne application of Neural Ne application of Neural Ne application of Neural Neapplication of Neural Ne application of Neural Ne tworktwork twork that classifies breeds of do that classifies breeds of do that classifies breeds of do that classifies breeds of dothat classifies breeds of dothat classifies breeds of dothat classifies breeds of do gs. This filo was loaded gs. This filo was loaded gs. This filo was loaded gs. This filo was loaded gs. This filo was loaded programmatically. programmatically.programmatically. programmatically.programmatically. programmatically.programmatically.programmatically. programmatically.programmatically.
3. Additional Data via T Additional Data via T Additional Data via T Additional Data via T Additional Data via TAdditional Data via Twitter API witter APIwitter API witter API witter API: This da : This da ta was gotten by querying Twitterta was gotten by querying Twitterta was gotten by querying Twitter ta was gotten by querying Twitter ta was gotten by querying Twitter ta was gotten by querying Twitter ta was gotten by querying Twitterta was gotten by querying Twitter ta was gotten by querying Twitterta was gotten by querying Twitter’s API so as to ’s API so as to ’s API so as to ’s API so as to ’s API so as to ’s API so as to ’s API so as to obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id.obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id.obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id.obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id.obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id.obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id. obtain the retweet count, favorite count and tweet id.
2. ASSESSING THE DATA ASSESSING THE DATAASSESSING THE DATAASSESSING THE DATAASSESSING THE DATA ASSESSING THE DATAASSESSING THE DATA ASSESSING THE DATA ASSESSING THE DATAASSESSING THE DATAASSESSING THE DATA Aft After the data from ther the data from th er the data from th er the data from ther the data from th er the data from th ese ese ese ese different different differentdifferentdifferent sour ces,ces,ces, the the the data were then asses data were then assesdata were then assesdata were then asses data were then assesdata were then assesdata were then asses data were then asses sed both visually and sed both visually and sed both visually and sed both visually and sed both visually and sed both visually and sed both visually and sed both visually and programmati programmatiprogrammati programmatiprogrammati callycallycally cally. The dat . The dat . The dat . The dat. The data were checked fora were checked for a were checked fora were checked fora were checked for a were checked fora were checked fora were checked fora were checked for a were checked for a were checked for quality and tidiness quality and tidiness quality and tidiness quality and tidiness quality and tidiness an d t hese hese hese issues were issues were issues were issues were issues were issues were identified: identified: For qFor q uality issues uality issues uality issues uality issues :
1. The rating column numerator should be a float datatype
2. Timestamp and retweeted_status_timestamp datatypes should be datetime instead of object.
3. There are about 181 retweets in the retweeted_status_id column
4. Incorrect ratings of 75/10 and 5/10
5. The jpg_urls column in image_pred_copy contains duplicates
6. The name column contains 'None', an indication of incorrect imputations
7. The datatype of tweet_id for the three datasets is int
8. Unwanted columns in the df1 dataset For the tidiness issues:For the tidiness issues: For the tidiness issues: For the tidiness issues: For the tidiness issues: For the tidiness issues: i. The dog stages should be on one column ii. The three datasets should be one dataframe 3. CLEANING THE DATA: The quality and tidiness issues outlined above were addressed as the datasets were cleaned using the define-code-test method 4. STORING THE CLEANING: The cleaned dataframe was therefore, ready for analysis and vsiualizaton.
